[wifi] Add clarification to note regarding `disable` action (#5644)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/wifi.md

```

> [!NOTE]

> > If you disable WiFi, you must enable WiFi again before the API timeout is reached or the device will reboot. You can disable the API timeout to avoid this limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Be mindful of the reboot timeouts set for both the API component and WiFi component if you disable WiFi. If WiFi
> remains off for longer than the duration of either timeout, the device will reboot!
```

...and we should make "API component" and "WiFi component" links to their relevant sections

```

> [!NOTE]

> > Be mindful of the reboot timeouts set for both the [API component](https://esphome.io/components/api/) and the [WiFi component](https://esphome.io/components/wifi/) if you disable WiFi.

Reviewer: We can use just the path -- and I added the local anchor for the wifi page
```suggestion
> Be mindful of the reboot timeouts set for both the [API component](/components/api/) and the [WiFi component](/components/wifi/#configuration-variables) if you disable WiFi.
```

> > If WiFi remains off for longer than the duration of either timeout, the device will reboot!

Reviewer: Hmm, even shorter 😅
```suggestion
> Be mindful of the reboot timeouts set for both the [API component](/components/api/) and the
> [WiFi component](#configuration-variables) if you disable WiFi. If WiFi remains off for longer than the duration of
>  either timeout, the device will reboot!
```
